The findings have some practical implications for work- related decision-making, particularly for impulsive indi- viduals faced with various challenges when trying to manage their work–life balance. Impulsive decision-mak- ing may be functional in many specific settings [18], especially when the decision is routine and the decision- maker is an expert who is able to assess the situation based on very few cues. However, in these situations more impulsive individuals may not be fully aware or cognizant of all possible (including negative) outcomes of their behaviors [44], which then results in suboptimal decisions and errors. This has implications not only for the work–life balance of more impulsive workers, but also for the ways in which mobile working might be supported, both by policy [59] and by design [17], while also reducing associated data risks, health and home life. Some research has already shown that employees have greater difficulties managing the boundaries between work and life when they are also in the habit of continuously accessing work-related e-mails and cannot tear themselves away from work, even when in the home [25]. The current study’s findings suggest that these tendencies may be even more exacerbated when employees are more impulsive, thus potentially threatening their ability to manage work–life boundaries even more. We outline the practical implications and potential starting points next. One suggestion, based on our work, would be to con- sider more carefully just how personality and risk are related and how this may inform design (e.g. we might wish to explore design interventions that might encourage more deliberation). Past research has suggested that cam- paigns to raise security awareness may be more effective if it were possible to consider the personality profile of the recipients [35] and identify those who are more likely to engage in more risky decisions in the area of information security [57]. In terms of work–life balance, it is important that organizations and human resource managers recognize and potentially limit the very pervasive and negative impact of work-related communication in employees’ personal lives [66], particularly in virtual work settings [52]. The negative impact may be even more pronounced when personal and work lives overlap, which is often the